Update synchronization-synchronizationjob-provision-on-demand.md (#17382)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationjob-provision-on-demand.md

}
```

> ### Example 3: Provision a group and two members on demand
> 
> #### Request
> 
> 
> # [HTTP](#tab/http)

Reviewer: - Suggestion to tweak the title because I assume the example shows that you can decide to provision only a subset of the group members.
- `# [HTTP](#tab/http)` will be added by the snippets generator

```suggestion
### Example 3: Provision a group and two of its members on demand

#### Request

```

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronizationjob_provisionondemand_Group"
}
-->
``` http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/4e116d82-dd59-4944-824d-93091408fd8d/synchronization/jobs/664ea562-18cd-42bb-33e0-8de1f0560581/provisionOnDemand
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "parameters": [
    {
      "ruleId": "33f7c90d-bf71-41b1-bda6-aaf0ddbee5d8#V2",
      "subjects": [
        {
          "objectId": "8213fd99-d6b6-417b-8e13-af6334856215",
          "objectTypeName": "Group",
          "links": {
            "members": [
              {
                "objectId": "cbc86211-6ada-4803-b73f-8039cf56d8a2",
                "objectTypeName": "User"
              },
              {
                "objectId": "2bc86211-6ada-4803-b73f-8039cf56d8a2",
                "objectTypeName": "User"
              }

>             ]

Author: Only possible to specify members. Our service can't scale to provision everyone in a group.
